Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, this lecture, we're going to create our log in button, and I want to recreate this button from
scratch.
Okay, so now what I can do is over here, we can have a training cola.
Then after this test, first of all, recognize we have a critical law of I can use control and s to
save that to get a very good robot.
Okay.
Now, like I said, we created this botnet from scratch.
So what you can do is after the test, we can have a container with it.
Okay.
Now, first of all, they're going to give this person a weight and a height for the weight.
They're going to get the weight of ice screen to get the weight of us.
All we have to do is to say media, media coverage of the contest.
Then the size and weight.
So by doing this, we're going to get the weight of our screen.
Then what you can see is we just want a -40 from it.
Okay.
As well, we're going to give a height.
You can just give the person the height of gravity.
Okay.
Now what we can do is we can have.
A declaration is going to be box declaration.
Okay.
We can give a color.
First of all, what I can do is to define this collar and the cause that, by the way, we can use var
we can call the scramble plots in.
But seventh column is going to be equal to columns that.
Red.
They can guess red of 400.
That is a shade.
Okay.
Is control an -- to save?
So for the color is going to be the button.
The button collar.
Okay, so I use cloture and this to save and go check it out.
Okay, great sequence is very close to this.
Now, what we can do is we can use this size box over here and they're going to be given this the space
of vertically.
So this is going to be a height of probably 20 as a.
How did training collide so that Canada took it down?
Okay, great.
You are in a coma as well.
Okay, good.
Now aside to the crucial costs, those are crucial class.
What you can have is a chart and you can just have a test of.
That says log in.
Okay.
Now we can give his time to this cancer test.
So I.
We want the Ford Swedes to be bored so we can system Swedes.
That boat.
Okay.
What's with.
That bird look at you.
Try to save and go check it out.
Okay, now what we can do is we can take it down to the center.
So to do that, what you can just do is.
Why this test we get?
We can get through to Santa.
We get a life for us.
They were going to lose control and thought they were going to go to wrap with Santa is control this
now to say he's going to take it to the center.
Okay.
Now probably we can of a small font size, so to speak, of probably 20.
We're just going to check it out first.
Okay.
Okay, then.
Now, to make this clickable, what you can now do is drop this test.
We just hit the bottom and the bottom is going to be a type of inkwell.
So as well, once again, it is a light for us.
They is Conrad Dodd.
Okay, now we don't have this.
Will we get over here?
So what you can do is go click on what we did.
So there's going to be a link.
In Quo.
Okay.
Well, now this inquest has the autopsy.
Now what we can just do for now is to separate.
Okay.
You now logged in.
Okay, great.
Over in this, Mickey, you can see we are missing the semicolon.
Okay, I'm trying this to save.
Okay.
Now, this is now clickable.
Okay, now you can go take your seminar.
You can see this is going to be printed out on the screen on your TiVo console.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys.
So you in in this lecture.